Add a short overview of the COOL to the README (#189)
cisagov/cool-system: README.md

Welcome to the CISA's Cloud Optimized Operations Lab (COOL).

The COOL provides ephemeral environments for performing

> cybersecurity assessments. Each assessment is isolated from other
> assessments and is accessed via a browser-based remote desktop after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cybersecurity assessments. The assessment environments are isolated
from each other and are accessed via a browser-based remote desktop after
```

authenticating into the COOL VPN via multi-factor authentication.

> After an assessment is complete, all data is archived for future use
> and the assessment environment is destroyed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After an assessment is complete, all relevant data is archived for 
future use and the assessment environment is destroyed.
```
